[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: The next thing I wanna
talk about in terms of how this code's
working, is not so
much about the reusability.
But how can I express things
in a simple way without needing
some kind of framework.
Essentially, I have that routes
array that I was talking about.
So I'm pushing functions
into my routes array.
Almost identically to how you push
middleware functions into an express app.
If any of you done express work and
you app.use or app.get.
This is the exact same concept, but
I'm just using an array
rather than a framework.
So basically, I've replaced the express
framework with an array and
my API is the array.push
rather than app.push.
The concept is the same that I have
a function that's gonna receive a record
request in response stream.
And it's gonna decide if it should
do something with it or not.
So I have this series of routes
that I define wanted to time.
This first one sends out the server
header for all inbound requests.
This one sends out a set
of security headers, so
my content security policy and
my strict transport security.
If you don't know what those are,
you should definitely do
some reading up on them.
Becuse they're really important for
modern production apps.
And then I have this route and this route
is waiting until the entire request has
come in if it's more than one chunk.
And it's putting all
of that into the body.
So I'm essentially setting
up that data listener.
Though you've probably been familiar and
know it.
I'm setting up a data listener and
listening for it, and then moving on.
>> Kyle Simpson: Once it's complete.
And then, see if there are questions here.
>> Speaker 2: No, I'm just chatting.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
Then I have route setup
to handle my favicon.
I don't know about you, but
I'm constantly annoyed.
And I do service a program.
I'm constantly annoyed by
the fact that my Chrome browser,
for example,
is always asking for a favicon.
And, most of my apps don't have one.
So I just set myself up a little route
that listens for the favicon request.
And just does a cacheable 204 response to
try to get the browser to stop asking for
a favicon over and over again.
So that's just a simple route.
There's nothing non-node here or
magical or special.
>> Kyle Simpson: This is a route that
I set up to recognize a request for
one of these static resources,
like a JavaScript file,
a CSS file, images,
the robots, txt, whatever.
Those static file requests if being
handled, I use this static file server.
Which is almost identical to the static
file server that comes with Express,
but I just have it in stand alone form.
And then I have another route and
this is the one for
if none of the other ones have taken over.
This is the one that
says they're asking for
a full load or we're gonna check to see
if they're asking for a full load page.
So the first thing I do is to
see if the request was a GET.
And if it's one of the pages that I
recognize as one of my internal templates
that I can handle.
So if it's a request that I know how to
handle and render, then I go ahead and
call view.getPageHTML.
I render out the response.
And finally,
my routes array has a default route
that if none of the other ones match or
handle anything.
It just gives a 404 response.
>> Kyle Simpson: So how do I make these
functions in this routes array actually
process through and
run everytime a request comes in?
Well, there's lots of
different ways to do that.
Express does an internal for
loop every time it comes across.
But I basically replaced
all of Express and
maybe all of Koa with this one
function that I wrote called router.
Let me zoom out just so you see how big
it is because it's not actually that big.
So it's this one function
here called router and
it's a special kind of
function called a generator.
So that little star, let me zoom back in,
so you can see that little star means.
This is a special kind of ES6
feature called a generator.
The only reason I'm using a generator here
is because it has a really nice syntax for
me to be able to pause local stack inside
of the function, using the yield keyword.
So this is basically saying if I have
a route,
>> Kyle Simpson: Basically,
I'm gonna loop through my list of
routes and call that function.
And if that function returns me, in this
case this is kind of like a promise, but
it's asynchronous version of a promise.
If it returns me something
that I need to wait on,
that I'm just gonna simply call the yield
and wait for that thing to finish.
So that's the way I do
an asynchronous route
as opposed to I'm ready to
finish the route right away.
That's a way to pause the generator
by simply yielding out of problems.
And then if any one of those routing
functions returns true, then I break out.
Because I know there's no more news no
more routes that need to be consulted.
If any error happens, the try catch works.
The cool part about generators is
that try catch works even across
asynchronous calls because it has
synchronous semantics inside of it.
So it's a really nice way to simply
express error handling with a try catch.
And finally, the last thing I do
is I see if there was an error.
I throw back an error that has a little
bit of extra data and it has the reason,
but it also has the request
in the response stream.
So this generator doesn't
run all by itself.
It needs something to run
it to be able to handle
the yielding of promises and whatever.
And if you've ever read anything about
generators, I've got a book about it,
I've got a blog post about it you
can read lots more about generators.
But there's a lots of frameworks out there
that are able to take a generator and
automatically run them to completion.
Asynchronous also has one.
So because I'm using the library,
why not just keep using the same tool.
And so essentially,
we go to the magic, if you will,
of how all this HTTP routing is happening.
>> Speaker 3: Getting
a little dizzy here [LAUGH].
>> Kyle Simpson: Sorry,
I was getting lost in my own line.
So this is the magic,
these few lines of code.
This is the magic that actually makes
my handling of incoming requests work.
Let me skip over the react part for
a moment because that might be confusing.
I mean, just look here and say,
every time an incoming request happens.
I'm gonna spin up the generator and
run it until it's found a usable route.
And if any usable route happens,
then that's just the end of it.
If there's any error that happens,
It actually bubbles out and
I have a responseError function.
So if we look at
the responseError function.
>> Kyle Simpson: Looks more
complicated than it really is.
It's basically just saying,
if you've made an AJAX request,
I'm going to respond with JSON.
Otherwise, I'm just going to
log the error to my server log.
So if any error happens anywhere in any
of the machinery, no matter how deep.
If everything's using asynchronous
the way I've set it up,
that error will bubble all the way out and
get handled in one event handler.
So I don't have to leak
that logic all over.